OUTLINE 

ONE SENTENCE VERSION:
#todo: Take an hour and write a one-sentence summary of your novel. Something like this: “A rogue physicist travels back in time to kill the apostle Paul.” (This is the summary for my first novel, Transgression.) The sentence will serve you forever as a ten-second selling tool. This is the big picture, the analog of that big starting triangle in the snowflake picture. (https://www.advancedfictionwriting.com/articles/snowflake-method/)

In a world that has healed from the modern apocalypse, seeds from the past begin to threaten an overly stable society. 

Long after society collapsed, the Delvers keep order--until one wild person saves and destroys the world in one moment. (20)

A bicycling historian saves the world from an inflexible religious order and a historical evil all at once. (17)

A rejected healer turned historian discovers the secret that will save the world from an ancient evil--but will she be able to stop the unraveling of the world she loves? 

A rejected healer, a historian and a small child are trapped in an abandoned industrial facility, threatened by a man hellbent on undoing the social order.  

THOUGHTS: We need a real threat, not just "We're going to stop you!"

A centuries-old secret threatens to unravel the peaceful world of the Delvers, unless Lo can stop it--but will she have the temerity to risk the very structures she is trying to protect? (35)

Hundreds of years from now, humanity has found peace--but a secret threatens to come to light that will destroy everything. (No characters.)

Lo has to solve the puzzle before the bad guys outnumber the good. 

In a world where sound is everything, an amateur historian finds herself at the crux of society--choosing who will win and who will lose. 

After Fiona abandons the religious cult that raised her, she discovers a secret that threatens the very existence of the cult--will she choose them or will she choose herself?

#todo: what is the title? 

After the Great Mourning, society is stable--but a new threat forces an amateur historian to make a difficult choice. 

An amateur musicologist joins forces with a plant witch to stop a threat no one else can even understand--but they risk everything in the process. 


#todo: actually understand the nature of the threat

#todo: Don't freak out about how much there is todo. 







# Fi discovers the tree.  

#

#

